<!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd html 4.0 transitional//en"><html><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1"><title>Minutes January 2006</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../default_style.css" type="text/css"></head><body text="#000000" bgcolor="#ffffff" link="#0000ee" vlink="#551a8b" alink="#ff0000"><table border=0 cellspacing=5 cellpadding=2 width="100%">  <tbody>    <tr>      <td width="69%" class="bannertext">        <font class="indextop style2">ptp planning meetings </font>        <br>        <font class="indexsub">parallel tools platform  subproject</font>      </td>      <td width="31%">        <div align="center">          <img src="../../images/Idea.jpg" width="120" height="86" hspace="50" align="middle">        </div>      </td>    </tr>  </tbody></table><table border=0 cellspacing=5 cellpadding=2 width="100%">  <tr>    <td width="100%" align=left valign=top bgcolor="#0080C0"><strong><font color="#FFFFFF" face="Arial,Helvetica">Meeting Minutes </font></strong></td>  </tr>   <tr>    <td align=left valign=top bgcolor="#FFFFFF">  <p><strong>Date:</strong> March 14, 2006<br>    <strong>Time:</strong> 1:00 PM EST </p>  <p><strong>Attendees:</strong></p>  <p>Rod Mach, Absoft <br>    Beth Tibbitts, IBM<br>    Bill Chung, IBM<br>    Don Pazel, IBM<br>    Wyatt Spear, University of Oregon<br>    Greg Watson, LANL<br>    Nathan DeBardeleben, LANL<br>    Craig Rasmussen, LANL    <br>  </p>  <p><strong>1. PTP status &amp; 1.0 release plans</strong></p>  <p>PTP is currently at RC4. Plan to release 1.0 on Thursday (3/16) or Friday (3/17). </p>  <p>The consensus was to plan for a 1.X release. This will include minor new features (such as OpenMP support), but the next major release will still be 2.0 </p>  <p><strong>2. Version 2.0 planning</strong></p>  <p>Need to start putting together a 2.0 development plan. It is anticipated that this release will conincide with the 2007 Callisto simultaneous release.</p>  <p>Current plans will include the following new features:</p>  <ul>    <li>generic support for job schedulers</li>    <li>remote services</li>    <li>automator (scripting) services </li>    </ul>  <p><em>Action:</em> <em>Other participants wanting to include new features in 2.0 should email them to the ptp-dev mailing list.</em></p>  <p><strong>3. Other project status reports </strong></p>  <p><strong>IBM</strong></p>  <ol><li>OpenMP tools: may be able to demonstrate at EclipseCon. </li>    <li>Summer student starting soon. </li>    <li>Bill Chung moving on to other (IBM) projects. </li>    </ol>  <p>Don asked about coding conventions for their development work. Eclipse coding conventions can be found <a href="http://wiki.eclipse.org/index.php/Development_Conventions_and_Guidelines">here</a>. </p>  <p><strong>U of Oregon</strong></p>  <p>Finished initial  integration of TAU with the PTP. Demonstration video available on the TAU web site. </p>  <p><strong>LANL</strong></p>  <p>Summer student starting the week after EclipseCon. Craig has been working on constant replacement refactoring for Fortran.</p>  <p><strong>4. EclipseCon planning </strong></p>  <p>Please attend Greg's talk on Tuesday at 3:15pm and Beth's demo on Wednesday at 2:00pm. We will also hold a BOF, probably on Wednesday, but depending on availability/timing.</p>  <p><em>Action: Beth to email times/places to ptp-dev.<br>  Action: Please email slides to Greg if you want to be included in his talk! </em></p>  <p>BOF format:</p>  <ul>    <li>overview of PTP and progress</li>    <li>updates from various projects (IBM and UO, others?)</li>    <li>demos   </li>    </ul>  <p>PTP demo:</p>  <ul>    <li>Beth will basically follow the format of the PTP help, plus give a demo of MPI tools.</li>    <li>Greg will try and arrange a real cluster, otherwise demo will just be on standalone machine  </li>  </ul>  <p><strong>5. SC06 tutorial</strong></p>  <p>Agreed to revamp SC05 tutorial proposal, and extend to full day. </p>  <p>We will need help preparing and delivering the tutoral. Also, it would be very useful to have people assisting the attendees during the tutorial. The more the better.</p>  <p>Possible logistics include:</p>  <ul>    <li>providing laptops to attendees (requires sponsor and a lot of setup time) </li>    <li>creating a bootable disk with all the required software</li>    <li>using whatever laptops the attendees bring along </li>    </ul>  <p><em>Action: Beth to check tutorial submission deadline. </em></p>  <p><strong>6. Other business</strong></p>  <p>Beth will try and bring stickers to EclipseCon. </p>  <p><strong>7. Next meeting</strong></p>  <p>The next meeting will be held on Tuesday April 11, 2006    </p>    </tr></table></body></html>